When death comes, the good we have done will mean nothing. We are judged in life for the evil we destroy
-reclusiarch grimaldus

It is better to die for the emperor than live for yourself

There no innocence. only degrees of guilt

Innocence Proves Nothing

Forgiveness is irrelevant

When your corpse lies in the Sepulcrum Ultimus, covered in glory, you may partake of as much pride as you wish.

The innocent will always die when the guilty are punished. Is that wrong? By what scale of virtue do we judge morality?

To question is to doubt.

Reason is the cloak of traitors.

An open mind is like a fortress with its gate unbarred and unguarded.

What is the terror of death?
That we die with our work incomplete.
What is the joy of life?
To die knowing our task is done.

Do not waste your tears. I was not born to watch the world grow dim. Life is not measured in years, but by the deeds of men.

Only the insane have strength enough to prosper. Only those who prosper may truly judge what is sane.

Success is commemorated; Failure merely remembered.

Weigh the fist that strikes men down
And salutes the battle won.

What fear of death have we who know there is immortality in the great and noble deeds of men?

Wisdom is the beginning of fear.

To be Unclean
- That is the mark of the Mutant
To be Impure
- That is the mark of the Mutant
To be Abhorred
- That is the mark of the Mutant
To be Reviled
- That is the mark of the Mutant
To be Hunted
-That is the mark of the Mutant
To be Purged
- That is the fate of the Mutant
To be Cleansed
- For that is the fate of all Mutants

Contact with alien races always renews one's faith in humanity. It is my belief that foreign travel narrows the mind wonderfully.

An empty mind is like unto a freshly turned sod; if not sown with the seeds of love, duty and honour, the insidious weeds of heresy will take root.

Consider the Predator. Let your soul be armoured with Faith, driven on the tracks of obedience which overcomes all obstacles, and armed with the three great guns of Zeal, Duty and Purity.

What is your life?
My honour is my life.
What is your fate?
My duty is my fate.
What is your fear?
My fear is to fail.
What is your reward?
My salvation is my reward.
What is your craft?
My craft is death.
What is your pledge?
My pledge is eternal service

Blessed is the mind too small for doubt.

If your life is given in service to the Emperor, your death shall not be in vain.

Knowledge is power. Guard it well.

True justice is quite simply the will of the Emperor.

To admit defeat is to blaspheme against the Emperor.

We die, though our war is eternal,
We are doomed, but we walk in darkness,
We are forgotten, yet the future is our gift to humanity.

A foe without honour is a foe already beaten.

Faith is purest when it is unquestioning.

The traitors hand is closer than you think.

Your honour is your life. Let none dispute it.

A fortress circumvented ceases to be an obstacle. A fortress destroyed ceases to be a threat.

Beat your thoughts to the mold of your will.

Each path must be chosen with care,
Lest disaster swallow us whole.

No servant of the Emperor dies unavenged. No enemy of the Emperor escapes unpunished!

Claims of innocence mean nothing; they serve only to prove a foolish lack of caution.

Some may question your right to destroy ten billion people. Those who understand realise that you have no right to let them live!

He who allows the alien to live shares in the crime of its existence.

Blessed are they that reap the sinners from the sight of the Emperor.
Damned are those that consort with Chaos!

There is no such thing as a plea of innocence in my court. A plea of innocence is guilty of wasting my time.

Chaos claims the unwary or the incomplete. A true man may flinch away its embrace, if he is stalwart, and he girds his soul with the armour of contempt.

A Mind Without Purpose Will Walk In Dark Places.

How may I ask the Emperor what he owes of me? When all I owe is to the Golden Throne and by duty I will repay.

Light your way in the darkness with the pyres of burning heretics.

Seek not escape from misery in death for He That Is Most Mighty gathers not the Selfish Dead to his side.

The words of the faithful are the mountains. But the deeds of the faithful are the world.

One man can start a landslide with the casting of a single pebble.

The path to duty is often a stony one, made smoother by thought for others.

Prayer may cleanse the soul, but pain cleanses the body. Both are necessary for the survival of humanity.

I long for death, not because I seek peace, but because I seek the war eternal.

Death in service to the Emperor is its own reward. Life in failure to Him is its own condemnation.

There are no miracles. There are only men.

Where there is an enemy, rage!
Where there is a victory, rejoice!

I will steal from the plate of decadence to feed the mouths of the powerless.

The strength of the Emperor is Humanity, and the strength of Humanity is the Emperor.

Many claim they wish to destroy their enemies. If this were true, most would be compelled to destroy themselves.

The absence of faith is the mark of the weak.
The absence of faith is the mark of the heretic.
The absence of faith is the mark of damnation.

Fear not. The Emperor will provide.

Ignorance is your best defence.

